>> Kent C. Dodds: There is one thing
that I am going to show you that doesn't
actually apply specifically to react but
is really useful for
jest if you are writing JavaScript
modules that are just pure JavaScript,
don't need the DOM or anything like that.
By default, jest actually loads
JSDOM in the environment and
here we can go in our utils,
we can console.log(window).
What, that's weird.
And then we'll run our test again and
we'll see the giant window object
that's provided to us by JS DOM.
Okay, so that's kind of fun and stuff.
But if this were the only test
that I had in my project,
maybe this is a note project or
it's just pure Java scripting,
then I don't actually need
the ability to access window.
And so I don't need JS DOM.
By adding JS DOM it actually
is pretty heavy memory wise.
And so it adds to the start time so
that's why I'm showing you.
Let's go ahead and add our configuration
right in the [INAUDIBLE] JSON for jest.
And here we can add a test environment and
this is a path to a node
module that is responsible for creating or
setting up the test environment.
And so
there is a jest-environment-jsdom, and
that's the default that's installed when
you install jest so that's why this works.
And then there's a jest environment node
and that's also installed by default so
you don't have to install that.
There are various other test environments
that are kind of interesting.
I feel like there's even one that's like
for selenium or web driver or something.
It's just like what?
It's crazy.
Jest is a very, very versatile tool.
Another handy feature about
this test environment is if
the module starts with jest-environment
and you can actually remove that.
So it reads a little nicer.
So with that we can run this and
now our test is going to fail
because we're trying to log
something that's not defined.
So we are all set to have our
tests run a little bit faster.